hello and welcome to the channel
played a good role for a long time.
does not talk here on the robotics
actually I decided little back the roots and
talk about a competition that I still
I did not speak on the channel and the Olympiad
robotics is known with
br
such as in physics olympiads
chemistry you have one of
Robotics are well that has two types of
theoretical proof and the practical time
she's like any other Olympics you
makes a test in the school and proof
It has different levels you were teaching
key among high school tests
another book proves more legal is that
top honors earn medals beyond
beautiful medals and boots on the wall too
Speak, my God, my son is a genius.
these medals
if you want to know how the partner
More or less, I have not put this
sound of the video link to the
previous years but as I said it has
several different levels then we end up
to find several proofs already proven
practice is that I think it's cooler than
you can build and program a robot
to compete with other teams and
begins to compete in the state stage and
you are very good you will need
national if you are very very very
good you can compete in the world such
as top also the medal in several
award categories is the most
beautiful the most composed robot is the medal
obviously of the champions plus 800 schools
In Brazil , they participate if you
think it 's a thing only the southeast is
much deceived to brê pernambuco is a
of the largest in Brazil and the bay has
grown in the last few years the test
It's not too difficult to understand, it can be
hard to do but it is not too difficult
to understand is based on the category of
robocup rescue then what you do
use an arena full of obstacles
following a black band on the floor and
able to use the whole arena you go to
the next 21 already with the situations
the garages you are competing in
level is the level of education
fundamental and need only identify
victims you have proof if you are the
book 2 that high school and technical
besides identifying the victim you
need to bring it to a place of
security that gives complexity a
little greater proof
we will need to have a handler with the
same brat and how do you do it
to participate
Good if you are between 99 and still
it's in school, it's elementary school
technical average whether you are eligible
To participate, just look for your school.
find the teacher who is responsible
and this has reformed its staff and
teacher signs up you help
you a little the process then only
sport compact the rest will flow
now if the school does not participate in the br
You'll have much more work to do.
instead of school, it has to be structured in
around this then this school does not
to participate you will have a little bit
more convincing work but not
I gave up looking for your school and see if they
have an interest in participating and if you
is no longer at school yesterday so and 19
years are paulo voluntary, it's just that
legal I treat everyone I'll leave
description of the video a link to the
state representatives at br
when you are close to the competition if you
has a lot of interest in deploying and I
I know you have you can enter
contact your representative
that you speak with your interest in
Volunteering I'm already going to fight and I 'm
very real fun is worth a lot
feather
if you want more information
about the beige on how to
to participate
read the magazine noverre if they have
magazine I will leave and also the registration
of the video a link to the main page
br br and www confef pr.org.br lance can
find everything you needed with
This will close this video here.
Thank you so much for hearing from you.
Do not forget to enjoy and share
this video also to publicize the
9 r initiative is for more people to hear
Good luck and good to see you volunteer.
subscribe to the channel if you want to receive
updates on the videos I
I can and do not forget to visit the
social networks of the paper fish is this
Someone does not know next week and such.